README.md, before:

# Boilerplate to build a PWA with Webpack + Workbox

I have build this boilerplate following the Webpack documentation which is great.

Why another boilerplate?

The answer is simple. I wanted to go through the whole process of setting up my environment to build
awesome web apps and be able to understand every single piece of a boilerplate config. That's why I
decided to build my own. I'm very thankful to the new Webpack documentation which has helped me a lot.

This starter kit comes with:

- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/): A fast dependency manager
- [Webpack](https://webpack.js.org) setup for [production](./config/webpack.prod.js) and [development](./config/webpack.dev.js) environments
- [Workbox](https://workboxjs.org/): JavaScript Libraries for Progressive Web Apps
- Live reload with [webpack-dev-server](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server)
- [Babeljs](https://babeljs.io/) to compile next generation JavaScript
- [HTML Webpack Plugin](https://github.com/ampedandwired/html-webpack-plugin): Especially useful for webpack bundles that include a hash in the filename which changes every compilation. With this plugin you write a [HTML template](./src/index.html) and the plugin takes care of inserting the `.js` and `.css` script for you whenever your code changes and gets compiled.
- [css-loader](https://github.com/webpack/css-loader) and [style-loader](https://github.com/webpack/style-loader) to loader your css and put into your `.js` bundle when in dev mode or load the css and put it in a separate folder when in production mode with [extract-text-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/webpack/extract-text-webpack-plugin)
- [url-loader](https://github.com/webpack/url-loader) used to load your images into your bundle. This plugin can return a Data Url if the file is smaller than a byte limit. That means if you have an image file which is less than a size lime you have specified on your webpack config that assets gets bundled inline, otherwise it is copied to to your dist folder with [file-loader](https://github.com/webpack/file-loader). Hence, when you add `url-loader` to your `devDependencies` you also have to add `file-loader` cuz it's a peer dependencie.

### Getting Started

To get started, clone the repo and run `yarn install`, or `npm install` if you are using `npm`. I recommend [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) because it's fast than npm and also enables you to have a cache on your machine so you don't waste your bandwidth having to download everything whenever your run `npm install`.

Get the latest snapshot, or the entire repo if you remove `--depth=1`
```sh
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/oPauloChaves/es6-webpack2-starter.git project-name
cd project-name
yarn install
# or
npm install
```

> You have to have Node (version >= 6) installed on your machine. This project depends on `webpack-dev-server` which recommends you use version 6 for the moment because there are some known issues with version 7. *In my machine I have been using node v7 with no issues.*

### Running in development mode
```sh
yarn start
# or
npm start # I haven't tested it with npm though
```

The app is available on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

### Building for production
```sh
yarn run build
```

### Running the production build
```
yarn run preview
```

The app is available on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

### Testing

Sorry, no tests yet. Use it at your own risk.

### Linting

```sh
yarn run lint
# or to autofix
yarn run lint:fix
```

### Contributing

Pull requests are very welcome!

### TOD0

- [X] ESLint with standard config
- Tests
  - Any recommendation? mocha?, chai?, jest? Which one should I invest in?
- Implement a Virtual DOM from scratch just for the purpose of learning with the help of
  - [React Codebase Overview](https://facebook.github.io/react/contributing/codebase-overview.html)
  - [React Implementation Notes](https://facebook.github.io/react/contributing/implementation-notes.html)
  - [How to write your own Virtual DOM](https://medium.com/@deathmood/how-to-write-your-own-virtual-dom-ee74acc13060)
- Implement a flex box grid from scratch. I have found these guides to help me along
  - [Using CSS Flexible Boxes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout/Using_CSS_flexible_boxes)
  - [Better, Simpler Grid Systems](https://philipwalton.github.io/solved-by-flexbox/demos/grids/)
  - [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
- Maybe? add sass suport with `node-sass` and `sass-loader`. I put *Maybe?* because I intent to use only vanilla JS and CSS in this project.

### Very Helpful resources

- [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)
- [The PRPL Pattern](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/prpl-pattern/)
- [Webpack 3 + React — Production build tips](https://medium.com/netscape/webpack-3-react-production-build-tips-d20507dba99a)
- [nwb](https://github.com/insin/nwb)
- [On Webpack and Source Map integration](https://lorefnon.me/2016/12/03/on-webpack-and-source-map-integration.html)
- [Conditional compilation and dead code elimination with webpack](https://www.thomann.io/blog/post/webpack_conditional_compilation_dead_code_elimination)
- [Web App Manifest Generator](https://app-manifest.firebaseapp.com/)

Commit message:

update README and add setup prettier

README.md, after:

# Boilerplate to build a PWA with Webpack + Workbox

I have build this boilerplate following the Webpack documentation which is great.

Why another boilerplate?

The answer is simple. I wanted to go through the whole process of setting up my environment to build
awesome web apps and be able to understand every single piece of a boilerplate config. That's why I
decided to build my own. I'm very thankful to the new Webpack documentation which has helped me a lot.

This starter kit comes with:

- [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/): A fast dependency manager
- [Webpack 3](https://webpack.js.org) setup for [production](./config/webpack.prod.js) and [development](./config/webpack.dev.js) environments
- [Workbox](https://workboxjs.org/): JavaScript Libraries for Progressive Web Apps
- [Prettier](https://github.com/prettier/prettier): Opinionated Code Formatter
- Live reload with [webpack-dev-server](https://github.com/webpack/webpack-dev-server)
- [Babel 7](https://babeljs.io/) to compile next generation JavaScript
- [SASS](http://sass-lang.com/)
- [HTML Webpack Plugin](https://github.com/ampedandwired/html-webpack-plugin): Especially useful for webpack bundles that include a hash in the filename which changes every compilation. With this plugin you write a [HTML template](./src/index.html) and the plugin takes care of inserting the `.js` and `.css` script for you whenever your code changes and gets compiled.
- [css-loader](https://github.com/webpack/css-loader) and [style-loader](https://github.com/webpack/style-loader) to loader your css and put into your `.js` bundle when in dev mode or load the css and put it in a separate folder when in production mode with [extract-text-webpack-plugin](https://github.com/webpack/extract-text-webpack-plugin)
- [url-loader](https://github.com/webpack/url-loader) used to load your images into your bundle. This plugin can return a Data Url if the file is smaller than a byte limit. That means if you have an image file which is less than a size lime you have specified on your webpack config that assets gets bundled inline, otherwise it is copied to to your dist folder with [file-loader](https://github.com/webpack/file-loader). Hence, when you add `url-loader` to your `devDependencies` you also have to add `file-loader` cuz it's a peer dependencie.

### Getting Started

To get started, clone the repo and run `yarn install`, or `npm install` if you are using `npm`. I recommend [Yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/) because it's fast than npm and also enables you to have a cache on your machine so you don't waste your bandwidth having to download everything whenever your run `npm install`.

Get the latest snapshot, or the entire repo if you remove `--depth=1`
```sh
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/oPauloChaves/es6-webpack2-starter.git project-name
cd project-name
yarn install
# or
npm install
```

> You have to have Node (version >= 6) installed on your machine. This project depends on `webpack-dev-server` which recommends you use version 6 for the moment because there are some known issues with version 7. *In my machine I have been using node v7 with no issues.*

### Running in development mode
```sh
yarn start
# or
npm start 
```

> The app is available on [localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000)

### Building and running the production build
```sh
yarn run build

npm i -g serve
serve -s dist

   ┌────────────────────────────────────────────────┐
   │                                                │
   │   Serving!                                     │
   │                                                │
   │   - Local:            http://localhost:5000    │
   │   - On Your Network:  http://10.0.0.105:5000   │
   │                                                │
   │   Copied local address to clipboard!           │
   │                                                │
   └────────────────────────────────────────────────┘
```

### Testing


### Linting

```sh
yarn run lint
# or to autofix
yarn run lint:fix
```

### Formatting with Prettier

```sh
yarn run format
```

### Contributing

Pull requests are very welcome!

### TOD0

- [X] ESLint with standard config
- [X] Prettier
- [X] React 16 + PWA + Babel 7
- Tests
  - Any recommendation? mocha?, chai?, jest? Which one should I invest in?
- Implement a Virtual DOM from scratch just for the purpose of learning with the help of
  - [React Codebase Overview](https://facebook.github.io/react/contributing/codebase-overview.html)
  - [React Implementation Notes](https://facebook.github.io/react/contributing/implementation-notes.html)
  - [How to write your own Virtual DOM](https://medium.com/@deathmood/how-to-write-your-own-virtual-dom-ee74acc13060)
- Implement a flex box grid from scratch. I have found these guides to help me along
  - [Using CSS Flexible Boxes](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/CSS_Flexible_Box_Layout/Using_CSS_flexible_boxes)
  - [Better, Simpler Grid Systems](https://philipwalton.github.io/solved-by-flexbox/demos/grids/)
  - [A Complete Guide to Flexbox](https://css-tricks.com/snippets/css/a-guide-to-flexbox/)
- Maybe? add sass suport with `node-sass` and `sass-loader`. I put *Maybe?* because I intent to use only vanilla JS and CSS in this project.

### Very Helpful resources

- [webpack](https://webpack.js.org/)
- [The PRPL Pattern](https://developers.google.com/web/fundamentals/performance/prpl-pattern/)
- [Webpack 3 + React — Production build tips](https://medium.com/netscape/webpack-3-react-production-build-tips-d20507dba99a)
- [nwb](https://github.com/insin/nwb)
- [On Webpack and Source Map integration](https://lorefnon.me/2016/12/03/on-webpack-and-source-map-integration.html)
- [Conditional compilation and dead code elimination with webpack](https://www.thomann.io/blog/post/webpack_conditional_compilation_dead_code_elimination)
- [Web App Manifest Generator](https://app-manifest.firebaseapp.com/)
